yes hello my love a little bit times
again after a very long time and the same
let me know you can go back
start with this man comes a new one
video comments because otherwise happens
nothing at all
and yes, so I 'm back today
blog thing because i wanted a tutorial
but I still need that
necessary equipment we have it so and times
yes that is still theirs now
Christmas holidays as I would you
say in the christmas holidays there comes
that's what I promise
you and yes so today I wanted you
show some new drawings and
then everything can happen that I get
I have her first
I 've got grid foil and see
already worked with it and indeed for
birthday I quite a lot of slides
I am diligent in working with it
So I have this picture here already
made that so if the text can
then we would be here and me
it would not be special now
either way this is just one
been video and now I show my
god no i did that yesterday
that is very fresh
no special I have exactly
So the tutorial to the han
Maybe this is Christmas now
So I do not know that you're glad
you guys are all on it and
that you really get along sometimes
do and that will come
and I have to say that I do
all of you dear
you are really cute with his
comments and so that wonders me
always on yes so we have here
So I'm allowed here with the white films
used the flowers and here and here
I still had trees up there
So that was not a new one
I still had and then the hair
I have the hall so a
I also got a few pens
moment the arena and I have with
So him with the 0 0 3 years very, very
thin what the pencil and there you can
nice have to do with it
and yes, and I have now admitted
I always wanted to have it then
something I wanted to say is up
the cards de I was now one
bit active meanwhile i am back
full
but I have to go fast now
hopefully my might show something
brother in the background not when the hat
his
getting such a car that upset me
So what's not nice
are
Well, here are a few
cards so here's someone else
I have drawn is for the
Billions could really come along now
moria this car garage background
okay so I drew those
comteam elia yet she must be mine
but I have to map trace here
give as information and that is one
a bit complicated and that will be
take a while and here this is
show how nice I think they do
This is the first card I get
have and she is so beautiful
she drew the blue fire poppy
and those exchanged here today and the like
great now I have it just the film
taken out because otherwise it shimmers like that
and there you can not see them but the
so great I had to thank you again
do not say this beautiful
and here gets someone I
I forgot the name but they had
I have drawn your map for a while
I've drawn them for some time
I thought if you upload
always the same with videos and yes
she is still coming
I like that is really nice I have too
with the guests of bit works with
Comics again made something here too
I already have topix
no longer worked
here is fix and yes it is so
the cards
I'll probably check the eh
no longer so active no because i
not after such a small format
So, actually, draw like that too
but with such a small format too
draw that's okay but not
as fine as a big one for
I find the comic brand drawings
small formats are fine but if I do then
really something with wood names or
hum star that I I want that too
sometimes use for that was belief
i'm not happy too
It is indeed in the Christmas holidays
something and yes I love you all
You may be nice and you will
I'm okay too